Add limitations of PR dropping (#1871)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/cloud-enabling-continuous-integration-with-github.md

More example commands in [Pro-tips for workflows](/guides/legacy/best-practices.md#pro-tips-for-workflows).

## Limitations

> If your temporary PR schemas aren't dropping after a merge or close of the PR, make sure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your temporary PR schemas aren't dropping after a merge or close of the PR, you'll want to make sure:
```

- You _have not_ used dbt Cloud environment variables in your connection settings page.
- You _do not_ have an empty/blank default schema.
- You _have not_ overridden the `generate_schema_name` macro.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you do have any of the above, make the necessary changes and re-check if you can drop your temporary PR schemas.

More example commands in [Pro-tips for workflows](/guides/legacy/best-practices.md#pro-tips-for-workflows).

## Limitations

If your temporary PR schemas aren't dropping after a merge or close of the PR, you'll want to make sure:

- You _have not_ used dbt Cloud environment variables in your connection settings page.
- You _do not_ have an empty/blank default schema.
- You _have not_ overridden the `generate_schema_name` macro.

> If you do have any of the above, make the necessary changes and re-check if you can drop your temporary PR schemas. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do have any of the above, make the necessary changes to your project and re-confirm if your temporary PR schemas are dropping or not.
```

If you receive a schema-related error message referencing a *previous* PR, this is usually an indicator that you are not using a production job for your deferral and are instead using *self*.  If the prior PR has already been merged, the prior PR's schema may have been dropped by the time the Slim CI job for the current PR is kicked off.

To fix this issue, select a production job run to defer to instead of self.

## Limitations

> If your temporary PR schemas are not dropping after a merge/close of the PR, it could be one of the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your temporary PR schemas are not dropping after a merge/close of the PR, make sure:
```

Reviewer 2: @jeremyyeo I am not sure what you mean by "dropping?" Does this mean they are removed from a list of open PRs or something?

Author: @runleonarun this in reference to https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/cloud-enabling-continuous-integration

Basically when dbt Cloud runs a Slim CI job (triggered by users opening a PR in their own repositories)... it creates temporary PR schemas in the users database that take the format of:

```
dbt_cloud_pr_<job_id>_<pr_number>
```

When the user decides to merge or close their PR in GitHub (or GitLab), dbt Cloud sends a `drop schema like dbt_cloud_pr_<job_id>_<pr_number>` statement over to their datawarehouse.

This effectively "cleans up" their database so as to not have lots and lots of `dbt_cloud_pr_<job_id>_<pr_number>` schemas lingering around. Occasionally, the users PR / temporary schemas in their database AREN'T dropped and I'm seeking to provide more information on the scenarios as to when this could occur. Hopefully didn't over-explain here :P 

Examples of PR / temp schemas in a Snowflake database:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8496748/187863739-fa35cb95-9928-4825-b037-af617cacb444.png)

> - You have used dbt Cloud environment variables in your connection settings page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Ensure the Connection Settings page uses dbt Cloud environment variables.
```

Author: These suggestions counter to what we suggest users not to do. As in, if you have used environment variables in your connection settings page, you "may" experience this conundrum. 

Is it better to say "Ensure the Connection Settings page does NOT use dbt Cloud environment variables"?

> - You have an empty/blank default schema.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Verify the default schema is empty/blank.
```

Author: Similar to above: "Verify the default schema is not empty/blank." maybe?

> - You have overridden the `generate_schema_name` macro.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Override the `generate_schema_name` macro.
```

Author: And finally: "You have not overridden the `generate_schema_name` macro"? I think I should clarify this more... if the user customised the macro in a certain way, then this conundrum happens... the condition is:

"You have overridden your generate_schema_name macro in such a way that the default format of temporary PR schemas no longer contain `dbt_cloud_pr_<job_id>_<pr_number` as the prefix".

They CAN override it... just not until we violate the format I mentioned above.
